docs: fix release note (#6295)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.rst

**New Features**

-  You can now allow tasks and experiments to expose arbitrary ports that you can tunnel using the
   CLI. To learn more about how to expose custom ports or see an example, check out
   :ref:`proxy-ports` or visit ``examples/features/ports``.

> -  Container Images: Add maintained images for PyTorch-only environments. Current environment images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Container Images: Add maintained images for PyTorch-only environments. The current environment images
```

>    contain both PyTorch and TensorFlow which results in large image sizes. The new images are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   contain both PyTorch and TensorFlow, resulting in large image sizes. The new images are
```
